Congratulations, you completed this course and you hopefully learned a lot about Angular, Node/Express
and MongoDB and most importantly how to connect all these topics.
I hope that you like the course, that you learned a lot,
I hope that you also now feel confident continuing this road,
here are some next steps you could take.
Obviously you can dive deeper into Angular, Node and Express and MongoDB and how to use all of that,
this course is no in-depth course on any of these topics,
it is really about connecting all these things and I did my best to also provide a good introduction
to these topics.
If you want to become a true master, take dedicated courses focusing on one topic at a time,
for example my Angular, The Complete Guide Course, there
I dive into way more features in greater detail. But these are next steps you can now take
now that you have the big picture and that you know how all these things work in general. And another
thing you should do is practice,
build other dummy projects,
choose your own projects,
clone popular webpages,
build your own basic Amazon clone with the technologies taught in this course. You'll hit a lot of
problems
but if you overcome them, you will learn a lot and therefore practicing, building dummy or demo projects,
that is really something which will help you a lot too.
And finally, help other students. Join discussions, find peers to discuss ideas or thoughts or questions
and interact with other people,
go to meet-ups
This is a great way of diving deeper too and exploring other views on certain topics
and of course a great way of solving problems
and if you do these things, then you're well prepared to dive into a full career in this tech stack and
become a better and better and better Angular and Node developer.